The Outzoner is an online forum for discovering, sharing, and documenting music and videos that are strange, shocking, low-quality, or otherwise "fringe" in nature.

Long Pitch

Outzoner will aim to provide a one-stop slop for crap connoisseurs worldwide who wish to celebrate their appreciation for audio and visual works whose artistic value is typically only recognized ironically (if at all). The scope of the site's target niche includes "fringe" artists who express their talents in unconventional or shocking ways, untalented or untrained artists with low self-awareness, intentionally poor-quality or unpalatable productions, and unintentionally comedic "so-bad-it's-good" productions. The website will house pages for noteworthy artists and works; a blog featuring reviews, news, and other commentary; an open discussion forum integrated throughout the site; and (optionally) a dedicated space for user-created content. There will also be an ongoing drama centered around a cast of fictional characters who "manage" the site, manifested primarily in the blog section. The site's design should facilitate exploration and discovery while at the same time reflecting a sloppy, "do-it-yourself" aesthetic; subtle intentional mistakes throughout will deliver their punchlines without interfering with functionality. All pitching aside, this Outzoner is pumped to have some fresh fun poppin' out those nasty tunes and vids. How about you? Are you ready to "Get Outta My Zoner!?!" Well, "Just Zoner Out, Brah."

Personas

Party Boy: He'd just got done pumping that new IceJJFish single when, after a bit of  surf and burf, he got himself fumbled into the Outzoner. Luckily, he intercepted some new jams to throw down at the next big tailgate for the big ballgame. His friends like a good laugh, but he better be careful playing stuff like that.

Basement Star: Tired of all the shiny pop jingles and vapid commercialism streaming in the main, she cracked out a bargain bin mic and booted up her 'puter to make something real. Her folks don't get it, but tell you what, an Outzoner just might.

Hardcore Nihilist: The only mission in this freak's mind is the utter deconstruction of your every social function. Culture is meaningless, and meaninglessness is subculture, and meaninglessnesses counteract constructuralism. He found a good hobby though. He fell in love with a little bald boy named <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDoLszwmL4Q">Theevan</a> and wanted some more amateur-animated atrocities to sweep into the void. Outzoner is the broom in this analogy.

Comparables
http://rateyourmusic.com/
https://yeahiknowitsucks.wordpress.com/
http://scarabaeus.nz/
http://www.brianblomerth.com/