::About the Site::

"Get Outta my Zoner!"

Outzoner is a one-stop slop for crap connoisseurs worldwide who wish to celebrate their appreciation for audio and visual works whose artistic value is typically only recognized ironically (if at all). The topics encompassed include:
-"fringe" artists who express their talents in unconventional or shocking ways
-untalented or untrained artists with low self-awareness
-intentionally poor-quality or unpalatable productions
-unintentionally comedic "so-bad-it's-good" productions

This virtual funhouse focuses primarily on music, movies, and web videos. Here's a couple of exploration options we've got to get your eyeballs wet
-check into the Browser Zone to discover new slop for your popper
-ball over the featured posts on the home page to get down with the scoops
-peep the forums for people parties and precious piddlings
-sign up to put your mouth where your nose is with your fingers (or your toeses)

"Zoner Out, Brah."

::Site Glossary::

It's ok to get confused. Words can be a bless or a mess.

:Content Tags:

There are several kinds of posts out there in those Zones. These types of posts are identified by the following fixed tags and their possible values:

Poster:		Author 		- An Outzoner author created this post
			User 		- A user created this post
			
Type:		Review 		- A movie, music, or web video review (Authors only)
			Feature 	- An article, guide, or announcement (Authors only)
			List 		- A list of movies, songs, albums, or artists
			Share 		- A link and comment regarding a movie, video, song, etc.
			Creation	- Music, video, or article created by an Outzoner (Users only)
			
Subject:	Movies		- Subject is a movie, or movies
			Music		- Subject is a song, album, and/or music artist
			Webs		- Subject is a web video or external web content
			General		- Covers multiple subjects or is unrelated to those above
			
Besides the above required tags, a post can include any number of additional descriptive tags. These can include genres, specific artists/works, ratings, site jargons, or other (concise) terms that can help identify the subject and purpose of the post. Here are some of the core tags used in the Outzoner:

Genres:
Ratings:

:Site Jargon:
We say what we mean here, but what we mean's not always as it seems.

crunge:			inept and blissfully unaware
fringe:			unconventional, shocking, mystifyingly peculiar
good:			terrible
hore:			horror
gorrible:		gratuitously gory
perchy:			heavy-handed, overly focused on a "moral" or "message"
poopout:		created/performed with minimal effort and personal investment
sars:			overly serious, lacking in humor and/or personality
slop:			media content that one is so very hungry for to consume
smetta:			references self, genre/medium conventions, and/or breaks fourth wall
snootbait:		pretentious, self-indulgent, arsty-fartsy
sploition:		intended to shock, offend, and/or arouse


::Review Ratings System::
Because of the nature of the content reviewed, our rating system communicates entertainment value and general appreciation rather than the more traditional measure of "quality." There are three categories of ratings used.

1. Trash ("bags of trash"): Describes entertainment value derived from low quality content
2. Cheese ("cheese wheels"): Describes entertainment from "cheesy", over-the-top, or exploitative elements
3. Alien ("alien faces"): Describes weird, unconventional, or "avante garde" content

Typically the highest/most relevant is the only rating presented, but a reviewer may also on occasion choose to mix multiple categories in a displayed rating. The category is indicated by an icon and the maximum score is typically 5. After the primary rating, a reviewer should typically tack on one or more additional icons/items that describe some aspect of the movie. These additional items are not standardadized.


::Artist/Review Request::
What do you want to see from we? What slop are you hurting to slurp?